Title:System Reqruiement Spefication for online nursery managment system

Team: 1-akshay khadse
      2-heemanshu bedegkar
      3-kiran godase
      4-swapnil giram

Objective (Purpose):
                    to create an online nursery store website that helps customers compare prices, view descriptions
                    can comment on customization ideas, and can follow planting tips that promote gardening.

Scope: Online Nursery Store overcomes lots of challenges when compared to an offline store. A separate website for plants 
       and their accessories helps customers to view various kinds of products. It offers all the required features to the 
       customers that let them buy, rate, and leave comments on all the products that are available in the store. Therefore, 
       the idea of Blooming Delights An E-Commerce Website is to provide features to customers like view descriptions, 
       ompare prices, can comment on customization ideas, and can follow planting tips that promote gardening. 
       The website recommends customers with the most purchased products, highest-rated products, and recently
       added products. A chatbot is developed that answers product or order-related queries to customers. 
     
Requirements: 
              #functional Requirements:

               1: Registration
                  To enter the site user has to register first. Requirements of registration are name, email, password, and, security check details.
                  Input: User Details.
		  Output: Filled registration details.
		  Processing: User details are checked with the database to avoid duplicate login. Password constraint is checked as per validation.
               2: User Login
		  Description: The system provides the facility to login into the system.
		  Input: Enter user email and password.
		  Processing: The system will check the input of the user and if valid then login is done. Otherwise, the user will be asked to re-check his/her credentials.
               3: Forget password
	          Description: The user can reset the password.
                  Input: Email ID and security check details.
                  Output: The user can update the password.
                  Processing: The data will be updated in the database

	       4: Purchase products
                  Description: Customers can select a product.
                  Input: Search for an item.
                  Processing: Any product will be selected and displayed.

               3: Comments
                  Description: Customers can post and view comments.
                  Input: Customers have to post his/her comments.
                  Processing: The system will add data to the database.

               6: Logout
                  Description: The system provides a facility to log out from the site.
                  Input: Select the logout option.
                  Output: Logout from the system.
                  Processing: The user will be logged out.
        ADMIN:

		1: Admin Login
		Description: The system provides the facility to login into the system.
		Input: Enter user email and password.
		Processing: The system will check the admin’s input; if valid, then login is
		done. Otherwise, the admin will be asked to re-check his/her credentials.

		2: Add Products
		Description: Admin can add a product.
		Input: Enter the product details.
		Output: Added product is displayed under entered category.
		Processing: The system will add the product to the database.

		3: Edit /Delete Products
		Description: The admin can edit or delete a product.
		Input: Enter the product details.
		Processing: The system will make the changes in the database.

		4: Delete Comments
		Description: Admin can delete inappropriate comments.
		Output: Deleted comments are not displayed.
		Processing: The system will make the changes in the database.

		5: Logout
		Description: The system provides a facility to log out from the site.
		Input: Select the logout option.
		Output: Logout from the system.
		Processing: The admin will be logged out.

	#Non-Functional Requirements:
		Performance Requirements

		The system needs to be reliable.
		If unable to process the request, then an appropriate error message will be displayed.
		Web pages are loaded within a few seconds.

		Safety Requirements

		The details need to be maintained properly.
		Users must be authenticated.

		Security Requirements

		After entering the password and user id the user can access his/her profile.
		The details of the user must be safe and secure.

CONCLUSION & FUTURE SCOPE
		Blooming Delights is an online nursery store website, that provides a platform to buy seeds, plants, tools, and different related products. 
		It offers all the required features to the customers that let them buy, rate, and leave comments on a
		ll the products that are available in the store. The description of each product is available to soothe the selection. Hence,
 		Customers can compare prices, can comment on customization ideas, and can follow planting tips that promote gardening. 
                The future work of this project is to improve various categories, add different kinds of payment modes, and send order-related updates by E-mail or SMS.





